hungry and displaced these children are
receiving food handouts all 2.3 million
people in Gaza are suffering a
deliberate famine due to Israel's use of
starvation as a weapon of War roughly a
fifth of Aid trucks are getting through
to Gaza that used to receive more than
500 truck loads every day because more
and more are being stopped at the border
crossings by
Israel the basic necessity of Life are
totally absent in our camp as well as
all other refugee camps in Gaza from
water to food let alone baby milk we
hear about Aid being delivered yet
quantities are scant and their
whereabouts are unknown Charities say
they fear running out of food as more
people arrive in Rafa on top of the more
than 1.3 million people who are already
there and the prices of food and water
only increases as it becomes less
available
we are living in a crisis a catastrophic
situation with bombardment and now
starvation it is exacerbating hour after
hour in Northern Gaza these people are
collecting what they can from the ground
essentially herbs and
weeds I'm trying to collect some of
these wild plants to feed my children we
have nothing else rice flour or bread
this is what we have been living on for
months I'm risking my life by being here
the UN says that children under five are
at high risk of severe malnutrition and
this can cause long-term damage to their
growth children are screaming out of
starvation we never would have done such
a thing in the past we never imagin it
will come to this people are resulting
to eating grass and animal feed to
survive but that's running out too the
UN says that by not allowing food into
Gaza starvation is being used as a
weapon of War
and the only way to stop the ongoing
starvation in Gaza is to allow Aid in
this can only happen with a ceasefire
imin Kimber Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer